dnsdist: Add `PayloadSizeRule` and `TCResponseAction` (#13564)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/dnsdistdist/docs/rules-actions.rst

  :param int code: The opcode to match

.. function:: PayloadSizeRule(comparison, size)

  .. versionadded:: 1.9.0

>   Matches queries or responses whose DNS payload size is equal, greater, greater or equal, smaller or smaller or equal to the specified size.

Reviewer: the list inside this sentence is a bit awkward

```suggestion
  Matches queries or responses whose DNS payload size fits the given comparison.
```

perhaps? the actual operator list is just below

  :param str comparison: The comparison operator to use. Supported values are ``equal``, ``greater``, ``greaterOrEqual``, ``smaller`` and ``smallerOrEqual``.

>   :param int size: The size to compare to.w

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :param int size: The size to compare to.
```

  Before 1.7.0 this action was performed even when the query had been received over TCP, which required the use of :func:`TCPRule` to
  prevent the TC bit from being set over TCP transports.

.. function:: TCResponseAction()

  .. versionadded:: 1.9.0

>   Truncate an existing answer, to force the client to TCP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Truncate an existing answer, to force the client to TCP.
  Only applied to UDP answers.
```

Reviewer 2: Does it actually truncate or does it set the TC bit _without_ modifying the data pat of the packet?

Author: It does actually truncate.

Author: Alright, I'll add it to the documentation.
